# Node and edge lists for creating networks

This folder contains node lists of all persons and all cuneiform tablets attested in the dataset. The attribute data for the persons and tablets comes from the Prosobab database. The folder also contains edge lists that record the links between persons attested in the same document and the links between texts in which the same person occurs. These edge lists can be used to create undirected co-occurrence networks. We have also built several directed networks using the relations and roles of the individuals as specified in Prosobab. Each edge list presents a type of relations/roles, including attribute data about the social relations/roles and the tablets in which the roles are documented. The node list of all persons can also be used with the directed edge lists.

To aid automatic processing of the data, Babylonian months are given running numbers from first to last. This means that intercalary months (Ululu and Addaru, normally referred to as VIb and XIIb) affect the numbering. In this data, intercalary Ululu (normally VIb) is month 7, Tašritu (normally VII) is month 8, and so forth. Intercalary Addaru (XIIb) is thus month 14. The numbering follows the same system regardless of the presence or absence of an intercalary month in a given year.

## Files
- **co-occurrencesPersons.tsv** = Edge list of nodes (persons) attested in the same document. Each edge has information on the tablet in which the two persons co-occur. _Undirected_.
- **co-occurrencesPersons_simple.tsv** = Edge list of nodes (persons) attested in the same documents. Parallel edges are collapsed, and edge weight is the number of documents in which two nodes co-occur. _Undirected_.
- ~~**co-occurrencesTexts.tsv** = Edge list of texts linked by persons who are attested in two or more texts. Each edge has information on the individual linking the texts. Attestations "king in date", "king in oath", and "king on coin" are excluded. _Undirected_.~~ The file can be found in our Zenodo repository.
- **individuals.tsv** = Node list of all persons in the network. Includes rich attribute data on each person. Can be used with the edge lists. This is the same file as /ProsobabData/Individuals.tsv, but two column titles have been changed: Personal ID = ID and Name = Label. See the readme file in /ProsobabData/ for more detailed notes.
- **legalRoles.tsv** = Edge list of nodes (persons) who are connected by related legal roles in the same text (e.g., judge and litigant or creditor and debtor). For the list of role pairs, see SupplementaryFiles/RolePairs.tsv. _Directed_.
- **relations.tsv** = Edge list of nodes (persons) that have a relation such as "X brother of Y" or "Y mother of Z". The relations are extracted from the database as such, and they record social relationships that are explicitly mentioned in texts. Relations such as "Broken/Unclear Gimil-Šamaš" indicate that there is a relation mentioned in the text but its nature remains unclear. _Directed_.
- **rolesWithWitnessesScribes.tsv** = Edge list that records edges from nodes (persons) that have a role listed in SupplementaryFiles/Roles.txt to nodes (persons) designated as witnesses or scribes in the same document. _Directed_.
- **sameRoles.tsv** = Edge list of nodes (persons) that have the same role in the same document. For the list of roles, see SupplementaryFiles/Roles.txt. _Bidirectional from A to B and B to A_.
- **tablets.tsv** = Node list of all tablets in the network. Includes rich attribute data on each text. Can be used with the co-occurrencesTexts.tsv edge list. This is the same file as /ProsobabData/Tablets.tsv, but two column titles have been changed: Personal ID = ID and Museum no. = Label. See the readme file in /ProsobabData/ for more detailed notes.
- **twoMode.tsv** = Edge list of a two-mode network of persons and tablets. If a person is attested in a tablet, there is an edge between them. Persons are in the source column and tablets in the target column. _Undirected_.
- **witnessScribeConnections.tsv** = Edge list between witnesses (witness-witness) and witnesses and scribe (witness-scribe) attested in the same document. _Bidirectional from A to B and B to A_.
