# Supplementary files used for creating the network data

- **RolePairs.tsv** is a list of legal role pairs such as seller-buyer or employer-employee. The file was used to create the file /Networks/legalRoles.tsv, which is an edge list showing the legal relationships between individuals attested in the same document. The file was created using the "Subtypes and roles" file by Prosobab (https://prosobab.leidenuniv.nl/pdfs/subtypes.pdf).
- **Roles.txt** is a list of roles that individuals can have in the Prosobab data. The list was used to create the edge list /Networks/sameRoles.tsv, which connects two individuals if they have the same role in the same document. Moreover, the file was used to create the edge list /Networks/rolesWithWitnessesScribes.tsv, which connects persons with the listed roles to the scribe and witnesses of the same document. The file was created using the "Subtypes and roles" file by Prosobab (https://prosobab.leidenuniv.nl/pdfs/subtypes.pdf).
- **reignOrder.tsv** lists the kings who ruled in Babylonia in descending order from the oldest to the most recent. The numbers are included in several files in the folders Networks and ProsobabData, and they can be used to easily filter a snapshot of tablets from a given period. A same number is given for the kings who ruled simultaneously (Assurbanipal, Šamaš-šumu-ukīn, and Kandalānu) and for the kings and rebels at the accession of Darius (Darius I, Bardia, Nebuchadnezzar III, and Nebuchadnezzar IV) and in the second year of Xerxes (Xerxes I, Šamaš-erība, and Bēl-šimanni).
